Deal.II Swiss Army Knife
========================

Copyright (C) 2014 by Luca Heltai (1) 

(1) Scuola Internazionale Superiore di Studi Avanzati
    E-mail: luca.heltai@sissa.it

This library contains a collection of useful C++ tools and objects
that work together with the `deal.II` library (www.dealii.org)
developed by me and some of my students in the last ten years.  In
this library I collect all the developed tools which were not subject
to licence restrictions. If you find this collection useful, feel free
to download, use it and suggest pull requests!

The official distribution is on GitHub, and you can clone the
repository using

	git clone https://github.com/luca-heltai/dealii-sak.git

This file is subject to LGPL version 2.1 or later and may not be
distributed without copyright and license information. Please refer to
section 5 and 6 of this file for further information on this license.

1. Deal.II Requirements:
========================

The distributed source code requires the deal.II 8.0 library or
greater. It is used regularly with the development release of deal.II,
and a CMakeLists.txt file which will allow you to compile it with
later deal.II versions has been included.

In what follows, we assume that the user has installed the deal.II
library in the directory

	DEAL_II_DIR

and that the user has defined the enviroment variable `DEAL_II_DIR` to
point to the correct location. If this enviroment variable is not set,
the user should specify it by hand when running cmake in order for
cmake to properly locate the deal.II library. 
  
2. Installation procedure:
==========================

The provided archive should be unzipped in a dedicated 
subdirectory, with the commands

	cd PATH_WHERE_YOU_WANT_THIS_CODE
	tar xvfz dealii-sak.tgz
	
or cloned using git

	git clone https://github.com/luca-heltai/dealii-sak.git

The library can then be compiled by running

	cd ans-ifem
	cmake -DDEAL_II_DIR=/path/to/deal.II .
	make
	
3. Running instructions:
========================

Once the program has been compiled, it can be run by typing 

	./ifem

or 

	./ifem parameters.prm

in the directory ans-ifem.
The program uses parameter files to set its runtime variables. The
file 

	immersed_fem.prm 

is an example of such files, and it is the default one used if none is
specified at run time. If the specified file does not exists, the
program will attempt to create one with default values for you. 
The directory 

	prms/

contains all parameter files used to produce the results presented in
the paper.

4. Extensive documentation:
===========================

If the user has the program Doxygen installed, a complete and
browsable documentation of the source code itself can be generated by
setting the cmake varibale BUILD_DOCUMENTATION=ON

	cmake -DBUILD_DOCUMENTATION=ON -DDEAL_II_DIR=/path/to/deal.II .

and then running

	make docs

In this case, the documentation will be accessible in the subdirectory

	./doc/html

If the user wants the deal.II documentation to be inlined, then the
file http://www.dealii.org/developer/doxygen/deal.tag should be
downloaded to the program directory before making the documentation,
for example, usgin wget

	wget http://www.dealii.org/developer/doxygen/deal.tag
	make docs

5. Licence Informations
=======================

See the LICENCE file in this directory.
